This position will be responsible for the implementation and support of AWS cloud infrastructure. This position requires a seasoned individual, who has hands-on experience in IT infrastructure management on AWS, Infrastructure as Code, and Container Orchestration from the ground up to support critical business applications.

Must Have Skills:
AWS Services: EC2, Load Balancers, S3, KMS, SNS, SES, CloudWatch, CloudFront, Backup, RDS, DynamoDB, DocumentDB, NACL, Security Groups, VPC Peering, Transit Gateway, GuardDuty, Athena
Linux: Knowledge of Debian/Ubuntu OS, Installation of packages, Cron Jobs, Troubleshooting, User Management
Security: Knowledge of cryptography
Scripting: Bash or python
Infrastructure as Code: Terraform and CloudFormation
Containers & Orchestration: Kubernetes and Docker

Good to Have Skills:
Good interpersonal skills with the ability to present ideas in user-friendly language.
Successful experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Excellent communication both written and verbal.
Strategic thinker with strong influencing skills and the ability to build consensus.
Strong action orientation; ability to make things happen.
Facilitates team and stakeholder meetings effectively
Holds regular status meetings/scrum meeting
Resolves and/or escalates issues in a timely fashion
Understands how to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfull

Job Responsibilities:
Setup and build AWS infrastructure related to various resources VPC, EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, Security Group, and RDS, AMI
Experience working with IAM in order to create new users, roles, and groups, policies.
Design and implementing using VPC and managing security using IAM Policies, Security Groups and NACL.
Experience on creating Backup using backup plans and restore from the snapshot.
Knowledge of KMS for encrypting EBS Volumes and Snapshots.
Hardening of the network security using security group and NACL.
Experience working with SNS.
Understand storage requirements, create configure S3 Bucket, Bucket Lifecycle, Bucket Security and replication.
Strong knowledge of encrypting S3 Bucket and EFS using KMS.
Should have experience with CloudTrail and config for compliance.
Conduct vulnerability assessments and Security Auditing of AWS Environments using various open-source and commercial tools.
Providing rich client-specific reports.
Hands-on experience on Infrastructure, Networks and server.
Hands on experience of Container including managing container, create Docker files and optimize docker images.
Requirements gathering and planning and designing the AWS services according the service and architecture needs.
Operate and maintain critical AWS application, distributed databases clusters, and multi-tier application.
Respond to and resolve debugging issues involving microservices and distributed systems.
Experience on Creation, Management and Review of Change Requests for Tasks and Issues.
Experience on High level Design and Low Level Design Documents.
Experience on System performance monitoring & optimization.
Experience on Implementing various architecture designs for High availability, Scalability, and Disaster recovery at region level as per the client requirements.
Configure, Manage and troubleshoot Kubernetes Clusters and containers.
Write and maintain Infrastructure as Code using Terraform and CloudFormation.Configure, Manage and troubleshoot Kubernetes Clusters and containers.


OMP TENCES TECHNIQUES :
Cloud Computing :
AWS: EC2, S3, IAM, SecurityGroup, VPC, Lambda, RDS, Cloudformation, EKS,
ECR.
Azure: AKS, ACR, Blob Storage, Ressources Group, LB, Log Analytic Workspace,
Azure DevOps.
DevOps
Conteneur : Docker, Podman, Kubernetes, ECS, EKS
CI/CD : Jenkins, Gitlab, Circle CI , Argos CD
Configuration automatique : Ansible
IAC : Terraform
Administration et Configuration des Syst mes :
OS : Debian, Ubuntu.
Stockage: NAS.
R seau : Firewall, iptables.
Languages: BASH, Python, Golang
Administration de base de donn es : SQL Server, MariaDb, MySQL, PostgreSql
Serveur d applications : Apache, Nginx
R seaux: TCP/IP, Firewall, Load Balancing
FORMATIONS ET CERTIFICATIONS
2021 : CKA Certified Kubernetes Administrator
Cloud S curit et Infrastructure
Architecte Informatique et syst mes d informations



JD for Kubernetes Administration, you can also include AWS JD along with this.

 5+ years of recent hands on development and/or DevOps experience
 Experience deploying to and orchestrating containers (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
 Strong experience in Amazon EKS and Fargate
 Experience in AWS cloud environment
 Experience on Linux administration
 Experience in configuration management tool such as Ansible/Chef
 Experience building, updating and managing Docker Images
 Strong understanding of CI/CD Pipelines in a globally distributed environment using Git, Artifactory, Jenkins, Docker registry, etc.
 Experience with micro-services
 Experience building and updating CI/CD pipelines Scripting skills e.g. Bash, Python
 Experience with deploying and managing micro-services using container orchestration platforms
 Experienced in building solutions for monitoring, logging, security, and scalability of applications
 Preferred experience with the following:
Docker/Kubernetes
Jenkins or other CI tools
Familiarity with cloud applications and micro-service architectures
Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) and/or
Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (optional)


Experience working in IT infrastructure background specially with Open-source Software.
Experience with Cloud native containers and Kubernetes orchestration is required.
Experience in tools like spinnaker, Jenkins or equivalent required.
Experience with container and orchestration technology of azure / gap is required.
Experience with Automation tools like ansible, terraform etc. will be added advantage.
Expertise on Linux and container technologies is required
Experience in automation tools such as Ansible, Terraform is highly desirable
Shell scripting skills are required
Desire skills required
Certifications like Kubernetes Administrator or Developer (CKA/CKD ) is desired.
Certification in AWS/Azure/GCP will be added advantage
Experience working in the BFSI domain is preferred.



Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required
5 years of overall experience in software engineering
At least 3 years of hands on experience as Docker engineer performing
Kubernetes administration
Container image life cycle management ( test, patch, deploy)
Container networking
Container storage management
At least 1 year hands on experience in Ansible automation
Mandatory

CKA (Certified Kubernetes Administrator)
Strong critical thinker with problem solving aptitude
Good background in Linux / Unix Administration
Working knowledge of Python or Shell Scripts
Good understanding of CI/CD pipelines
Plus

Hands on experience on Application Server configuration and management (eg. Tomcat, WebSphere)
Knowledge or experience with Mongo DB, Elasticsearch, Redis
CKD (Certified Kubernetes Developer)


